Add info about Text::insert() change. (#7975)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/6-0-migration-guide.rst

  ``JsonType`` by default.
- ``Cake\View\Widget\FileWidget`` was removed as it was redundant. The standard
  input widget will be used for file inputs in 6.x.

Breaking Changes
================
- The default placeholder format for ``Text::insert()`` has been changed.

>   They are now of the form ``{foo}`` instead of ``:foo``. You can get the old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  They now use ``{foo}`` instead of ``:foo``. You can get the old
```
Easier for non-native speakers I think.
